README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
    <img height="120" src="https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/quill.svg" alt="Vue + Quill logo">
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">VueUpQuill</h1>
<h3 align="center">
  Vue 3 + Quill Component for your powerful text editor.
</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vueup/quill" title="Version">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@vueup/quill?color=blue" alt="Version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vueup/quill" title="Total downloads">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@vueup/quill" alt="Total downloads">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vueup/quill" title="License">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@vueup/quill?color=orange" alt="License">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/vueup/vueup-quill" title="Checks">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/checks-status/vueup/vueup-quill/master?logo=github" alt="Checks">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/vueup/vueup-quill" title="Last commit">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/vueup/vueup-quill?logo=github" alt="Last commit">
  </a>
 </p>
 
## Overview

**VueUpQuill** is a **Vue Component** for building rich text editors, this package is a thin wrapper around Quill to make it easier to use in a Vue 3 application.

- 💚 **Built With Vue 3:** More powerful and performant framework than ever before.
- 🧙‍♂️ **Fully Typescript:** VueUpQuill source code is written entirely in TypeScript.
- 🛠️ **Easy To Use:** Straightforward implementation through a simple API.

## Documentations
- [Read the Docs to Learn More](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/guide/).
- [See a Live Demo](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/#demo).

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## Quill
[Quill API document](https://quilljs.com/docs/quickstart/)

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

chore: :pencil2: add documentation links

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
    <img height="120" src="https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/quill.svg" alt="Vue + Quill logo">
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">VueUpQuill</h1>
<h3 align="center">
  Vue 3 + Quill Component for your powerful text editor.
</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vueup/quill" title="Version">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@vueup/quill?color=blue" alt="Version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vueup/quill" title="Total downloads">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@vueup/quill" alt="Total downloads">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vueup/quill" title="License">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@vueup/quill?color=orange" alt="License">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/vueup/vueup-quill" title="Checks">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/checks-status/vueup/vueup-quill/master?logo=github" alt="Checks">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/vueup/vueup-quill" title="Last commit">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/vueup/vueup-quill?logo=github" alt="Last commit">
  </a>
 </p>
 
## Overview

**VueUpQuill** is a **Vue Component** for building rich text editors, this package is a thin wrapper around Quill, to make it easier to use in a Vue 3 application.

- 💚 **Built With Vue 3:** More powerful and performant framework than ever before.
- 🧙‍♂️ **Fully Typescript:** VueUpQuill source code is written entirely in TypeScript.
- 🛠️ **Easy To Use:** Straightforward implementation through a simple API.

## Demo
- [See a Live Demo](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/#demo).

## Documentation
- **[Guide](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/guide/)**
  - [Introduction](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/guide/)
  - [Installation](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/guide/installation.html)
  - [Usage](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/guide/usage.html)
  - [Themes](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/guide/themes.html)
  - [Toolbar](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/guide/toolbar.html)
  - [Options](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/guide/options.html)
  
- **[APIs](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/api/)**
  - [Props](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/api/)
  - [Events](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/api/events.html)
  - [Methods](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/api/methods.html)
  - [Slots](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/api/slots.html)
  - [Export](https://vueup.github.io/vueup-quill/api/export.html)

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## Quill
[Quill API document](https://quilljs.com/docs/quickstart/)

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
